Doc: monitoring_stack explain how to add prometheus targets (#1198)
scylladb/scylla-monitoring: docs/source/monitoring_stack.rst

In that case, you need to create the directory before calling ``start-all.sh`` and make sure it has the right permissions for the user running the command.

Add Additional Prometheus Targets
....................................

> There are situations where you would like to monitor additional targets using the Prometheus server of the monitoring stack.

Reviewer: what situations? can you give an example?

> The Prometheus server reads its targets from file, this file is generated from a template when calling ``start-all.sh``. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Prometheus server reads its targets from a file, this file is generated from a template when calling ``start-all.sh``. 
```

Reviewer 2: when is the start-all.sh file normally called?

> To add your own target you would need to edit the template file before calling ``start-all.sh``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add your targets you would need to edit the template file before calling ``start-all.sh``.
```

The template file is either ``prometheus/prometheus.yml.template`` if Prometheus reads the Scylla target from file, or ``prometheus/prometheus.consul.yml.template``
if Prometheus gets Scylla targets from the manager Consul API.

> You can add a target at the end of the file, for example, the following example would read from a server with IP address 17.0.0.1 with a Prometheus port of 7000.

Reviewer 2: You can add a target at the end of the file, for example, the following example would read from a server with IP address 17.0.0.1 with a Prometheus port of 7000. 
change to
You can add a target at the end of the file. For example, the following file would read from a server with IP address 17.0.0.1 with a Prometheus port of 7000.
